feat: adding extension files back in and readmes for each template (#40)
apollographql/rover-init-starters: start-with-typescript/README.md

## Introduction

👋 Welcome\!

This graph was created using `rover init`. 

> `rover init` is designed to help you set up a new, federated GraphQL API using Apollo’s Rover CLI and [Apollo Server](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server).

Reviewer: Oo, this is a nice concise way of saying things. Let's use it for the Connectors intro too!

```suggestion
`rover init` helps you set up a new, federated GraphQL API using [Apollo Server](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server).
```
